In 2014, two Dutch tourists, Kris and Lisanne,
vanished in Panama… What happened to them remains
a mystery. On April 1st, they set out for a hike
with a local man’s dog —the dog returned but they
never did. So a search began to look for them.
Days later some locals found their backpack,
Inside was their phones, a camera and money but
no sign of them. After that... things got even
stranger. Inside were 90+ bizarre photos,
some taken at night. Flash shots of rocks,
trees and even the back of Kris's head.
Their phones showed they tried calling
911 but had no signal and Lisanne's phone was
used days later after the 911 calls - someone
entered the wrong PIN multiple times. Weeks
later their bones are found scattered miles
apart but how they died is still debated. Was
it an accident... or something more Sinister?
Someone tried using the phone after she
died but was it Kris or someone else.